=begin pod

=head1 NAME

CalendarConverter - Allows converting Y/M/D dates between any pair of a set of 15 I<regular> calendars

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=begin code :lang<raku>
use CalendarConverter;
my $c = CalendarConverter.new: :in<gregorian>, :out<julian>;0
say $c.convert: :2021year; # OUTPUT: yyyy/m/d
say $c.convert: :2021year, :10month, :15day; # OUTPUT: yyyy/m/d
=end code

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<CalendarConverter> uses the algorithms of E. G. Richards to
convert dates, in Y/M/D form, between any two of 15 I<regular> calendars.

Calendars and name keys (from Ref. 1, Table 22.1, p. 290):

=begin table :caption<Egyptian calendars>
No. | Calendar name | Key | Era
----+---------------+-----+----------
 1  | Egyptian      | egy | Nabonassar
 2  | Armenian      | arm | Armenian 
 3  | Khwarizmian   | khw | Yazdegerd
 4  | Persian       | per | Yaxdegerd
=end table

=begin table :caption<Alexandrian calendars>
No. | Calendar name | Key | Era
----+---------------+-----+----------
 5  | Ethiopic      | eth | Incarnation
 6  | Coptic        | cop | Diocletian
 7  | Republican    | rep | Republican
=end table

=begin table :caption<Julian calendars>
No. | Calendar name | Key | Era
----+---------------+-----+----------
 8  | Macedonian    | mac | Alexander
 9  | Syrian        | syr | Alexander
10  | Julian Roman  | jul | Christian
11  | Gregorian     | gre | Christian
=end table

=begin table :caption<Islamic calendars>
No. | Calendar name | Key | Era
----+---------------+-----+----------
12  | Islamic A     | isa | Hegira   
13  | Islamic B     | isb | Hegira   
=end table

=begin table :caption<Modern calendars>
No. | Calendar name | Key | Era
----+---------------+-----+----------
14  | Bahai         | bah | Bahai    
15  | Saka          | sak | Saka     
=end table

=head2 Planned features

=item subclass Raku Date for a Date::Calendar for any of the 15 calendars

=head2 References

1. I<Mapping Time: The Calendar and Its History>, E. G. Richards, The Oxford University Press, 2000.

=head1 AUTHOR

Tom Browder <tbrowder@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT and LICENSE

Copyright E<0x00a9> 2021 Tom Browder

This library is free software; you can redistribute it or modify it under the Artistic License 2.0.

=end pod
